# Data Science and Machine Learning Project Portfolio
This repository contains a portfolio of Data Science and Machine Learning projects that were completed by me for academic and self learning purposes. 

The datasets and databases used in these projects are for demostration purposes.

## Instructions
- Download Python and Anaconda to be able to access Jupyter Notebooks to write the necassary codes.
- You can also use Google Colabs which is a Jupyter notebook environment which can be better to create and run the Machine Learning models.
- Comet ML is another platform that enables you to manage, visualize and optimize models from training runs to production monitoring.

## Folder Content
- Datasets
- Jupyter Notebook
- Models
- Presentation


## Projects

### [Spain Electricity Shortfall](https://github.com/Seni88/Data_Science_and_Machine_Learning_Projects/tree/main/Spain%20Electricity%20Shortfall%20Challenge):
- Built a Predictive Model for the shortfall  between the energy generated by means of fossil fuels and various renewable sources for the country of Spain.

### [Climate Change Belief App](https://github.com/Seni88/Data_Science_and_Machine_Learning_Projects/tree/main/Climate%20Change%20Belief%20App):
- 

### [South African Language Identification](https://github.com/Seni88/Data_Science_and_Machine_Learning_Projects/tree/main/South%20African%20Language%20Identification):
- Analyzed text consisting of South Africa's 11 Official languages. Built a Natural Language Processing (NLP) Model that performed Sentiment Analysis where the model had to identify which South African Language the data was in and classify the data into the correct group.

### [Movie Recommendation System]():
- 
